_includes/icons/README.md, before:

# Icons

The icons in this folder are customized from [FontAwesome 5.0.2](https://fontawesome.com/), which
are licensed under a [CC-BY 4.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

## Customized? What does that mean?

All of the SVG icons have an extra `height='16'` attribute added to the root svg element.
This is done to prevent what is known as a [fatwigoo](http://www.otsukare.info/2017/11/02/fatwigoo).

Each icon is also given a class corresponding to their file name.

## How are the icons customized?

1. Download `fontawesome-free-5.0.2.zip` to this directory
2. Extract the `advanced-options/raw-svg` folder, so that the path of an icon would look like
    `./fontawesome-5.0.2/raw-svg/icon-type/icon.svg`
3. Create the folder `fontawesome-5.0.2/formatted-svg`
4. Chmod and run `./format-icons.rb`. The customized icons will appear in the `formatted-svg`
    folder.

## How do I use an icon?

Copy the svg file you want to use from the `formatted-svg` folder into this folder, and then
type `{% include icons/<icon>.svg %}`.

## I don't see the icons appearing when I run `git status`!

That's fine. The source folder and zip are ignored by default.

Commit message:

[general] Move all formatted icons to the icons folder

_includes/icons/README.md, after:

# Icons

The icons in this folder are customized from [FontAwesome 5.0.2](https://fontawesome.com/), which
are licensed under a [CC-BY 4.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

## Customized? What does that mean?

All of the SVG icons have an extra `height='16'` attribute added to the root svg element.
This is done to prevent what is known as a [fatwigoo](http://www.otsukare.info/2017/11/02/fatwigoo).

Each icon is also given a class corresponding to their file name.

## How are the icons customized?

1. Download `fontawesome-free-5.0.2.zip` to this directory
2. Extract the `advanced-options/raw-svg` folder, so that the path of an icon would look like
    `./fontawesome-5.0.2/raw-svg/icon-type/icon.svg`
3. Chmod and run `./format-icons.rb`. The customized icons will appear in the current folder.

## How do I use an icon?

Simply type `{% include icons/<icon name>.svg %}` wherever you wish to use that icon.

## I don't see the icons appearing when I run `git status`!

That's fine. The source folder and zip are ignored by default.
